Saint Petersburg is gloomy
Saint Petersburg is bleak
My underwear got frozen
standing here all week
Since the revolution
our lives have been so grey
Thank goodness for the gossip
that gets us through the day. Hey
Have you heard, there's a rumor in Saint Petersburg?
Have you heard, what they're saying on the street?
Although the Tsar did not survive
One daughter may be still alive
The Princess Anastasia
But please do not repeat
It's a rumor, a legend, a mystery
Something whispered in an alleyway
or through a crack
It's a rumor that's part of our history
They say her royal grandmamma
will pay a royal sum
To someone who can bring the princess back
Vlad!
Dimitri!
A rouble for this painting
It's Romanov, I swear
Count Yusupov's pyjamas. Comrades, buy the pair
I got this from the palace, it's lined with real fur
It could be worth a fortune if it belonged to her
Well, Dimitri, I got us a theatre.
Everything's going according to plan.
All we need is the girl.
Just think, Vlad, no more forging papers,
no more stolen goods.
We'll have three tickets out of here,
One for you,
one for me and one for Anastasia!
It's the rumor, the legend, the mystery
It's the Princess Anastasia who will help us fly
You and I, friend, will go down in history
We'll find a girl to play the part and teach her what to say
Dress her up and take her to Paree
Imagine the reward her dear old grandmamma will pay
Who else could pull it off but you and me?
- We'll be rich
- We'll be out
And Saint Petersburg will have some more to talk about
Have you heard, there's a rumor in Saint Petersburg?
Have you heard, what they're saying on the street?
Hey
Have you heard, there's a rumor in Saint Petersburg?
Have you heard, comrades, what do you suppose?
- A fascinating mystery
- The biggest con in history
The Princess Anastasia
Alive or dead?
Who knows? Shh!